So that's all super.
But the question is what's the prototype of Maxton.
Well let's check it by adding something else here at the bottom.
Cons a lock and I'm just freeing up some space your console lock.
Max Dunner produ again produ.
This is the quilt to max Dudd prototype.
Let's see what happens if it run.
It's true.
Is it also equal to person.
What we think we'll see.
It's false.
So the prototype of Macs still is maxed out prototype but we're still inheriting everything from this
person class.
So is it therefore equal to present a prototype.
No it is really maxed out prototype but mix of prototype kind of has wall the same features as the per
class cyclospora setting up.
And this is what extents does it gives us this specific class and allows us to use all the features
properties methods the parent class created